update rule examples to add a taint mode example (#293)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/writing-rules/rule-ideas.md

<iframe src="https://semgrep.dev/embed/editor?snippet=minusworld:docs-dangerously-set-inner-html-nosem" title="Exempt special cases of dangerous APIs with Semgrep" width="100%" height="432px" frameBorder="0"></iframe>

### Detect tainted data flowing into a dangerous sink

_Time to write this rule: **5 minutes**_

> Semgrep's [dataflow mode with support for taint tracking](/writing-rules/data-flow/) can be used detect when data flows from a user-provided value into a security-sensitive function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semgrep's [dataflow engine with support for taint tracking](/writing-rules/data-flow/) can be used detect to when data flows from a user-provided value into a security-sensitive function.
```
